The AOVA chain was proposed and developed by the U.S. blockchain technology open source community, using a programmable blockchain infrastructure concept, and developed a blockchain technology open source community.
AOVA CHAIN aims to stimulate and incubate the basic blockchain project. Community developers can freely develop their own sub-chains through the core blockchain technology within the AOVA chain and their own districts. Blockchain projects are developed and developed within the community.
AOVA chain through the multi-chain parallel, the main sub-chain separation mechanism and other basic concepts to achieve the business process of independent blockchain project to promote, reduce the development costs of community developers, can quickly promote the incubation and development of the blockchain project .
AOVA CHAIN has the same blockchain as all blockchain technologies. However, the difference is that AOVA chain, as an open source community for blockchains, weakens the main chain-based technical mechanism in the blockchain and only provides the main technologies in the blockchain. Developers of the AOVA blockchain open source community can use the main chain mechanism to develop freely, develop a secondary chain block project based on the main chain sub-chain, and freely develop their own.
AOVA CHAIN allows the community's blockchain developers to develop multiple sub-chains and support data docking and data coexistence between sub-chains. Different sub-chains can also achieve consensus and achieve multi-chain operation at the same time. The mechanism ensures the free interoperability and rapid development of blockchain projects within the community.
All blockchain projects developed by blockchain community developers in the AOVA CHAIN blockchain development community are free of charge at no cost. AOVA CHAIN will provide a free platform for community developers to develop their own blockchain projects.
AOVA CHAIN hopes to help the lack of a centralized trust system in the original life work through blockchain technology, free to build a decentralized business model, and truly realize the peer-to-peer data interface, thus solving the individual and commercial bodies in society. Conflict between the trust.
AOVA CHAIN separates the services of the main chain and sub-chain through the “main chain + sub-chain” multi-chain parallel operation mechanism, allowing community developers to freely develop blockchain projects on the secondary chain in the Oya chain while satisfying 10 million TPS requirements. AOVA CHAIN ​​is based on the concept of blockchain, the concept of distributed storage, and the inability to modify, which can solve the problem of balance between data transparency and business confidentiality.
The blockchain technology used by AOVA CHAIN can maintain the high efficiency of data transmission. Based on the technology of AOVA CHAIN, it introduces other technical concepts, such as artificial intelligence, deep self-learning concepts, etc., which will improve the technology implementation. effectiveness.
The use of AOVA CHAIN exists in a variety of internet projects, including: Big Data Storage, IPFS Interplanetary File System, Artificial Intelligence System, (traversing traditional resources in the AI ​​industry, providing a public block for more complex AI applications. The chain platform enables data resource parties, application developers, operating platform resource users and users to freely publish and use their respective resources and applications in this blockchain, and build AI application ecology to the district with lower technical thresholds and costs. Above the blockchain platform.) Computer self-learning systems and other needs.
The AOVA CHAIN blockchain open source community not only provides backbone technology for community developers to use and develop, it will also improve the ecological environment around the main chain, and provide community developers with a more complete backbone development environment.
The AOVA CHAIN blockchain open source community will be available at a later stage: including blockchain browsers, light wallets, mobile wallets, smart contract virtual machines, compilers, IDE tools, and multilingual adapters. AOVA CHAIN will continue to improve the block chain ecology with AOVA CHAIN as the main chain and provide an efficient blockchain project R&D environment:
